Add initial code of conduct report (#16)
keycloak/.github: CODE_OF_CONDUCT_REPORT.md

# Incidents Reported in 2025

## Incident 2025-1

> * **Summary of Compaints and Findings:** A community member used aggressive language when a GitHub Issue reported by the member was closed. After the GitHub Issue was closed the community member continued the negative behaviour by opening a new GitHub Issue linking to the original issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Summary of Compaints and Findings:** A community member used aggressive language when a GitHub Issue reported by the member was closed. After the GitHub Issue was closed, the community member continued the negative behaviour by opening a new GitHub Issue linking to the original issue.
```

> * **Resolution:** After reviewing the opened GitHub Issue it was found that the language used by the community member was not acceptible. Further, no issue was foud with the behaviour of other parties involved in the GitHub Issue. Negative comments where deleted, the community member was notified, and no further actions where taken.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Resolution:** After reviewing the opened GitHub Issue it was found that the language used by the community member was not acceptible. Further, no issue was found with the behaviour of other parties involved in the GitHub Issue. Negative comments where deleted, the community member was notified, and no further actions where taken.
```

> * **Resolution:** After reviewing the opened GitHub Issue it was found that the language used by the community member was not acceptible. Further, no issue was foud with the behaviour of other parties involved in the GitHub Issue. Negative comments where deleted, the community member was notified, and no further actions where taken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Resolution:** After reviewing the opened GitHub Issue, it was found that the language used by the community member was not acceptable. Furthermore, no issue was found with the behaviour of other parties involved in the GitHub Issue. Negative comments were deleted, the community member was notified, and no further actions were taken.
```

Author: Updated

> * **Resolution:** After reviewing the opened GitHub Issue it was found that the language used by the community member was not acceptible. Further, no issue was found with the behaviour of other parties involved in the GitHub Issue. Negative comments where deleted, the community member was notified, and no further actions where taken.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Resolution:** After reviewing the opened GitHub Issue, it was found that the language used by the community member was not acceptable. Furthermore, no issue was found with the behaviour of other parties involved in the GitHub Issue. Negative comments were deleted, the community member was notified, and no further actions were taken.
```
